#6:  Get Enough Calcium to Regulate Body Composition
Calcium is famous for its role in supporting strong bones and teeth, but in recent years the scientific community has established that this important mineral has a much broader role. Evidence indicates that calcium plays an important role in the regulation of body composition, and research shows that people who consume medium to high amounts of calcium (more than 6 grams per day) have a lower body fat percentage. One study found that a difference of 1 gram in daily calcium intake corresponded, on average, to an 8 kilogram difference in body weight!
Therefore, if you are looking to lower your body fat percentage, be sure to include plenty of foods that contain calcium in your fat loss diet plan. Dairy products are one of the best natural sources of calcium, but also many green leafy vegetables and seafood provide a good source of this fat loss promoting mineral. To get the most out of calcium's benefits, combine calcium rich foods with foods high in vitamin D (vitamin D promotes the absorption of calcium from food in the intestines).

# 6：获得足够的钙调节身体组成

钙因其在骨骼和牙齿上的作用而出名，但近年来科学界经确定这个重要的矿物质有更广泛的作用。有证据表明
钙对人体组成的调节起着重要的作用，研究表明，那些
消耗的中至高数量的钙（每天6克以上）的人会有一个较低的身体脂肪比例。每日钙摄入量的1克的差异相对应，平均为8
体重公斤差！
因此，如果你想降低你的身体脂肪比例，在你的减肥饮食计划中一定要包含大量含钙的食物
。乳制品是最好的天然钙来源之一
，但也有许多绿叶蔬菜和海鲜提供了另外一个很好的来源。要获得最大的钙的好处，把富含钙的食物和高维生素D含量的食物结合起来（维生素D在肠道中会促进食物中钙的吸收）。
减肥的食物


什么是最好的减肥食物？下面是一个排在前30名的顶级减肥食物列表，让你减掉多余的身体脂肪，而保留肌肉。关于营养和减肥更全面的建议，请访问本指南的主页。要做一份结合一些最好的减肥食品健康食谱，访问本指南的食谱目录。
#7:  Consume Zinc-Rich Foods to Control Appetite and Fat Storage
Zinc supplementation has been shown to increase the levels of circulating leptin in people with a zinc deficiency. Leptin is a hormone that plays an important role in regulating the body's energy expenditure, appetite, and fat storage. Leptin directly communicates to the brain when you should feel full and stop eating. Many experts firmly believe that inadequate leptin levels are the root cause of overeating, food cravings, and obsession with food. Zinc is found in large quantities in oysters, poultry, and red meat.

#8:  Consume Enough Chromium-Rich Foods to Maintain Lean Body Mass
When combined with exercise, a diet rich in chromium may help increase or maintain lean body mass and aid in fat loss, research suggests. These positive effects on body composition are believed to result from chromium's ability to enhance insulin's activity and to improve insulin sensitivity. Mild cases of chromium deficiency are relatively common in Western countries due to the high consumption of processed foods (food processing significantly decreases the chromium content of foods). Physically active people and people who consume a lot of coffee, tea, and/or sugar also have a higher risk of becoming deficient in chromium. Good dietary sources of chromium include romaine lettuce, tomatoes, whole grains, onions, and potatoes. Absorption of chromium is enhanced by vitamin C.